Added dependencies to Nuke ShiftWorkflow node. (#113)
Inbibo/shift_docs: docs/integration_resources/software/nuke.md

      <figcaption><b>Figure 3</b>: Main Propierties tab of ShiftWorkflow node.</figcaption>
</figure>

You can use relative paths if you use the **SHIFT_PATH_WORKFLOWS** environment variable.

### External Dependencies

> In order to use the ShiftWorkflow node for Nuke, the following Python modules are needed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to work with image data using the ShiftWorkflow node for Nuke, the following Python modules are needed:

```

Author: Done
